Match In The Rain (Alec Benjamin)\
\
2\
00:00:06.900 \'97-> 00:00:10.000\
SEEMS YOU\'92VE BEEN CHANGING LATELY\
I CAN FEEL THE DISTANCE IN YOUR TOUCH\
\
3\
THERE\'92S TWO PEOPLE IN THIS HALLWAY\
BUT THERE\'92S ONLY ONE OF US\
\
4\
THAT\'92S TRYNA KEEP THIS FIRE GOING\
SHOULD I JUST GIVE UP\
\
5\
I SENSE TROUBLE ON THE HORIZON\
I\'a1M AFRAID OUR TIME IS UP\
\
6\
THE CLOUDS ARE ROLLING AND\
I FEEL YOU DRIFTING AWAY\
\
7\
AND THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'a1S TOO LATE\
\
8\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS\
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME \
\
9\
IT\'a1S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
10\
I STILL WANT TO MAKE YOU LOVE ME\
MAKE YOU LOVE ME AGAIN\
\
11\
EVEN THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'92S THE END\
\
12\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS\
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME\
\
13\
IT\'92S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
14\
YEAH. I CAN TASTE IT. IT\'92S THE END\
THIS LOVE\'92S IMPOSSIBLE TO SAVE\
\
15\
THOUGH YOU EMBRACE IT\
I CAN\'92T FACE IT SO I LOOK THE OTHER WAY\
\
16\
THERE\'92S TROUBLE IN YOUR EYES\
BUT I PRETEND THAT WE\'92RE OKAY\
\
17\
I WISH THAT WE COULD COMPROMISE \
BUT THERE\'92S KIST NOTHIN\'92 LEFT TO SAY\
\
18\
THE CLOUDS ARE ROLLING AND\
I FEEL YOU DRIFTING AWAY\
\
19\
AND THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'92S TOO LATE\
\
20\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS\
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME\
\
21\
IT\'92S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
22\
I STILL WANT TO MAKE YOU LOVE ME\
MAKE YOU LOVE ME AGAIN\
\
23\
EVEN THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'92S THE END\
\
24\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS\
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME\
\
25\
IT\'92S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
26\
TRYNA LIGHT A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
LIKE FLYING A KITE IN A HURRICANE\
\
27\
LIKE RIDING A BIKE WITH NO AIR CHAIN\
ON A BROKEN ROAD IT\'92S LOSING GAME\
\
28\
TRYNA LIGHT A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
LIKE FLYING A KITE IN A HURRICANE\
\
29\
LIKE RIDING A BIKE WITH NO AIR CHAIN\
ON A BROKEN ROAD IT\'92S LOSING GAME\
\
30\
THE CLOUDS ARE ROLLING AND\
I FEEL YOU DRIFTING AWAY\
\
31\
AND THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'92S TOO LATE\
\
31\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS \
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME\
\
32\
IT\'92S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
33\
I STILL WANT TO MAKE YOU LOVE ME\
MAKE YOU LOVE ME AGAIN\
\
34\
EVEN THOUGH MY INTUITION\
TELLS ME THAT IT\'92S THE END\
\
35\
THAT IN THESE CONDITIONS\
TRYNA BRING BACK THE FLAME\
\
36\
IT\'92S LIKE. TRYNA LIGHT\
A MATCH IN THE RAIN\
\
}